# LotSpot

 > _Note:_ This document is meant to be written during (or shortly after) your initial planning meeting.     
 > It does not really make sense for you to edit this document much (if at all) while working on the project - Instead, at the end of the planning phase, you can refer back to this document and decide which parts of your plan you are happy with and which parts you would like to change.


## Iteration 3

 * Start date: March 20,2017
 * End date: March 24,2017

## Process

(Optional:) Quick introduction

## Changes from previous iteration

More collaborative tasks
 - We found that one of the features that we assigned had a high workload so we assigned two of our memebers into pairs.
   - for our list implementation we assigned Heugh and Wen de to work on it, we hoped this accelerated the completion of the task and would reduce bugs.
 - The two members assigned with video development, David and Kevin, were assigned less work intensive features this phase.
   - This is done to create a more even workload between group members
   
No other changes
  - we were very happy with the rest of our organization and planning scheme, the bi-weekly meetings help keep us on track and working consistantly. The github issues have worked great for us on how we manage tasks. A small alteration we made was that the issues are primarily assigned by one person. 

## Roles & responsibilities

Describe the different roles on the team and the responsibilities associated with each role.

#### David 
  - Front end design, Video voice actor
  - Dynamic Data that comes up when selecting a lot [Issue #28](https://github.com/csc301-winter-2017/project-team-21/issues/28)
  - Voice over recording

#### Bogdan 
  - Backend Design, Assign GitHub Issues
  - [API](https://github.com/csc301-winter-2017/project-team-21/blob/master/deliverables/LotSpotAPI.pdf)
  - LotSpot-Server [Issue #23](https://github.com/csc301-winter-2017/project-team-21/issues/23) 

#### Kevin 
  - Front end design, Video Editing, UI/Asset Designer
  - New Markers [Issue #21](https://github.com/csc301-winter-2017/project-team-21/issues/21)
  - Video Editing

#### Vangjush 
  - Front end design
  - Current Location Marker [Issue #27](https://github.com/csc301-winter-2017/project-team-21/issues/27)

#### Hugh 
  - Back end design, Some Front End tasks
  - List Lots [Issue #12](https://github.com/csc301-winter-2017/project-team-21/issues/12)

#### Wen De 
  - Front end design
  - - List Lots [Issue #12](https://github.com/csc301-winter-2017/project-team-21/issues/12)


## Events

Describe meetings (and other events) you are planning to have:

Just like our previous itteration we had meetings twice a week in person, each one hour long. The first meeting on mondays from 1pm-2pm and the second was during our tutorial on thursday from 1pm-3pm possibly extending a little bit later. We also arranged and planned some things over slack. During our meetings we spent them organizing tasks, checking off completed tasks and what to focus on. Seeing that we are all up to date. 
 

## Artifacts

We use GitHub issues and communicate with one another over slack and in person to keep track of the tasks need to be done.

When assigning tasks, we prioritize our key MVP features over additional ones. MVP features were focused on during this phase, We had several additional ideas that we noted but are not going to begin implementing until the MVP features are working.

We discussed about task assignments explicitly during our meetings (online and in person) and every member will pick the tasks they feel comfortable and confident doing.

Currently Bogdan oversees the tasks that need to be completed / are completed through github issues. We try to have only one member close issues Bogdan, but there are some cases due to time the person who has been assigned the issue has closed it.

## Git / GitHub workflow

Our current procedures work well so we kept the same workflow. Every member forks the repo. From each branch to the master branch, we use pull requests to verify that we wouldnâ€™t run into conflicts. The pull requests are reviewed and merged by the first person availale (This was changed instead of having the responsability on one person). Once the merge goes through generally we try to close the issues that are completed done by Bogdan, and sometimes by the person who was assigned the issue. Most members are part of several issues and they have others to move to, however when one of our members finished their tasks first, they assist in other open issues. This is done mostly be communicating over slack. We also have some peer evaluation, and this is done constantly when there are changes generally most members review the work. For majority of the project we did not run into issues manipulating the same branch so we continue to only keep one branch. We chose this workflow because it is simple, so it saves us a lot of overhead, and it so far has functioned very well for our needs with great help from our bi-weekly meetings.

## Product

#### Goals and tasks

#### RESTful Server, API, Database
  - Important to how we are getting our parking lot information.
  - We are looking for a simple design, easy to update capactiy of a parking lot.
  - We decided to go with a RESTful server that is simple to implement and get information from as well as update
  - HTTP requests to communicate between our front and backend.
 
#### List view
  - List available lots nearby and filter
  - This is important to provide the users a filtered list so they can easily look for lots
  
#### UI improvements
  - Changing our markers. We want to redesign our markers to make them more visable and vibrant.
  - change our additional information, to make the price and capacity of the parking lot stand out and be clear for the user

## Artifacts

Our artifacts include github issues, a pdf for our [API](https://github.com/csc301-winter-2017/project-team-21/blob/master/deliverables/LotSpotAPI.pdf) and our product video.
